sit722-2023-t2-glossary
1.2p Weekly task 
DevOps Glossary (Part 1of 5)Tasks
Throughout this unit you will be introduced to a diverse range of technologies, systems and terminology. To assist you in understanding these complex andpotentially confusing terms you are asked to develop a personal DevOps Glossary.In this Glossary you will list the terms that you come across in your readingandexploration of the topics covered in this unit which are unfamiliar or unclear toyou. For each term you will, in your own words, provide 2-3 sentencesdefiningand describing the term. You should also provide references to sources youusedto gather the information and understandings of the terms listed. Your Glossary should be written in the form of a Table contained withinasimplewebsite project (i.e., using a NodeJS/Express project) that is stored in a GitHubrepository. The structure of the table may look something like that shownbelow.Sample DevOps Glossary Table
NOTE: The format of table above is using basic HTML/CSS styling, youarewelcome to customize this to be more presentable.
SIT722 Software Deployment and Operation Task1.2P2023/T2 1/2
Steps
This task is the first of 5 tasks, as such you will be extending your glossaryof
terms in future weeks. To give some experience and to relate it to the topics covered in this unit, weaskthat you develop your table in a simple Web Page and have your code containedwithin a GitHub repository. An approach you can take here includes:
1. Using express-generator package (https://www.npmjs.com/package/express-generator) create a simple express web-server instance using an appropriatetemplate engine (e.g., express --view ejs)
2. Add your code to a github repository (local first then push to the remoterepo)3. Modify the route and view handlers to allow for the web server to present aweb page and table with the set of terms and descriptions. 4. Push your changes to the code to the local & remote repos. What will you submit?
For this task you are asked to submit a document that contains__ both__ascreenshot of your table with 10 (ten) terms; and a link to your public githubrepository showing your project and the changes/updates you make to thecode.Give your repository the following name sit722-2023-t2-glossary, ultimatelythisshould read as https://github.com/_username_/sit722-2023-t2-glossary. Where_username_ is replaced with your actual GitHub account name. You can copy/pastethe link of your public repo for your submission through the OnTrack (screenshotof the codes and final web page is optional to support your submission)
Note, this table will be expanded upon over the trimester and submittedinadditional tasks; the updates/changes you make to this glossary shouldbevisibleas updates to the github repository.
